I'm here Mo Yan
I, Brother Jie, save me
Mo Yan Mo Yan
Are you all right?
Dare to bully Mu Yin
I will kill you today.
You killed him here
I will be implicated too
Exonerated from death penalty
Living sin
Self-breaking double-mouth arms
I will spare you
Do you know who I am?
Ah!
I am the general manager of Star Entertainment
move
I, Wu Dong, won't let you go
Brother Wuji, I know that Wuji Electric is powerful
But in the North Sea
No one can beat Wu Tengyu
So be it.
Or is Miss Zhao missing the big picture?
Look at Miss Zhao's face
i
Can give you a chance
But you have to kneel down and kowtow to me and admit your mistake
And earn your life
Otherwise, I will announce it to the entire entertainment industry
Star Entertainment starts to search for sand from today
It is impossible for Zhao Muyan to receive any opportunity
Any performance
Any advertisement
Any notice
It's not even on the Web.
Over time
Everyone will forget his presence
Like rats in a sewer
Forever can only cry in a dark corner
Hahahaha